# Workshop of Data Visualization
*Wednesday, June 19, 2019*

## Details
This workshop will cover some more advanced topics of data visualization in R, specifically focusing on the ggplot package. Topics will include library extensions and add-in apps, tips and tricks (e.g. facet_grid margins), common troubles with ggplot (e.g. sorting in descending order) and best practices. Some familiarity with R and ggplot will be useful and expected, but not required - novice R users are encouraged to attend. We will be using RStudio Cloud for this workshop. We recommend creating a free account ahead of time here: https://login.rstudio.cloud/register

## Speaker:

Jake Riley is a clinical data analyst at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (CHOP). He enjoys developing tools for analytic teams and specializes in data visualization and geospatial information systems (GIS).

## Materials:

All the materials from this event can be found at Jake's GitHub page: https://github.com/rjake/r-ladies-data-viz

## Getting there:

This event is hosted by WeWork in their Northern Liberties location (in the Piazza @ 1010 North Hancock Street). This location is less than a ten minute walk away from Spring Garden or Girard MFL stations.

## Event Sponsors:

WeWork is a community for creators. We transform buildings into beautiful, collaborative workspaces and provide the infrastructure, services, events and technology so our members can focus on doing what they love. WeWork currently has 425 locations in 100 cities and 27
countries across the world with over 400,000 members. Book a tour at wework.com now!