# Data Science Lightning Talks
*Tuesday, July 16, 2019*

## Details
Join us in July for an evening of short and insightful talks related to data science! Topics will highlight dos and don'ts, best practices, novel ideas, current research, neat tools, and other ways to have fun with data science. Stay tuned as we update the list of topics and speakers!

Schedule:

6:00-6:30: Food and networking
6:30-7:30: Lightning talks (see below)
7:30-8:00: More networking!

## Lightning talks:

Sheila Braun: Fairness while Sampling from Very Large Datasets

Social injustice can creep into samples from very large data sets that contain variables with unevenly represented levels---levels whose numbers may differ by orders of magnitude. In these cases, simple random sampling runs a high risk of completely missing small but important subgroups. Sheila Braun walks you through when, why, and how to alter your sampling methods to provide fair results for your analysis. Sheila is a seasoned statistical consultant from Vermont now working at CHOP in the Arcus project as a data instructor. She loves hearing about projects, so please seek her out to talk about yours.

Rajvi Mehta: Important Skills for Women in Data

Rajvi is a Data Scientist at Vanguard and Philadelphia Chapter Lead of Women in Data. Coming from a finance background with no experience in coding, she learned how to code during her Master of Quantitative Finance. After which she interned with a local hedge fund in Buffalo, New York and build a real-time financial model in Python. She believes that real success in a data world lies in implementing technical knowledge, maintaining strong relationships, and having the ability to simplify complex problems. As a community leader and chapter lead of Women in Data, she hopes to provide practical learning opportunities to anyone interested in a data career. In her talk, she will discuss skills that any women working in data should have.

Jaclyn Taroni: Leveraging Docker for Reproducible Training Workshops

Jaclyn Taroni, PhD is a data scientist at the Childhood Cancer Data Lab, an Alex’s Lemonade Stand Foundation initiative located right here in Philadelphia (https://www.ccdatalab.org). The CCDL supports open science and specifically cancer research by creating tools to make biological big data easier to access, mine, and reuse.

* Other talks: TBD. If you would like to sign-up, email us at philly@rladies.org!


## Getting there:

This event is hosted by WeWork in their Northern Liberties location (in the Piazza @ 1010 North Hancock Street). This location is less than a ten minute walk away from Spring Garden or Girard MFL stations.

## Event Sponsors:

WeWork is a community for creators. We transform buildings into beautiful, collaborative workspaces and provide the infrastructure, services, events and technology so our members can focus on doing what they love. WeWork currently has 425 locations in 100 cities and 27 countries across the world with over 400,000 members. Book a tour at wework.com now!